DEVX-1721: Different Replicator configuration types where destination is CCloud (#644)
confluentinc/examples: ccloud/docs/includes/replicator-to-destination-ccloud.rst

The destination cluster is your |ccloud| cluster, and |crep| needs to know how to connect to it.
Use the prefix ``dest.`` to set these configuration parameters.

.. sourcecode:: bash

>    # Confluent Replicator license topic must have replication factor set to 3 for Confluent Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Confluent Replicator license topic must have replication factor set to 3 for |ccloud|
```

   confluent.topic.replication.factor=3

>    # New user topics that Confluent Replicator creates must have replication factor set to 3 for Confluent Cloud 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # New user topics that |crep-full| creates must have replication factor set to 3 for |ccloud| 
```

   dest.topic.replication.factor=3

   # Connection information to Confluent Cloud
   dest.kafka.bootstrap.servers=<bootstrap-servers-destination>
   dest.kafka.security.protocol=SASL_SSL
   dest.kafka.sasl.mechanism=PLAIN
   dest.kafka.sasl.jaas.config=org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username="<api-key-destination>" password="<api-secret-destination>";

> If your deployment has Confluent Control Center end-to-end streams monitoring setup to gather data in Confluent Cloud, then you also need to setup the Confluent Monitoring Interceptors to send data to your |ccloud| cluster, which also requires appropriate connection information set for the embedded consumer with the prefix ``src.consumer``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your deployment has |c3| end-to-end streams monitoring setup to gather data in |ccloud|, then you also need to setup the Confluent Monitoring Interceptors to send data to your |ccloud| cluster, which also requires appropriate connection information set for the embedded consumer with the prefix ``src.consumer``.
```
